Update set-up-sso-azure-active-directory.md (#4064)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/set-up-sso-azure-active-directory.md

| **Client&nbspID** | Paste the **Application (client) ID** recorded in the steps above |
| **Client&nbsp;Secret** | Paste the **Client Secret** (remember to use the Secret Value instead of the Secret ID) recorded in the steps above |
| **Tenant&nbsp;ID** | Paste the **Directory (tenant ID)** recorded in the steps above |

> | **Domain** | Enter the domain name for your Azure directory (eg. `fishtownanalytics.com`). Only use the primary domain; this won't block access for other domains |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Domain** | Enter the domain name for your Azure directory (such as `fishtownanalytics.com`). Only use the primary domain; this won't block access for other domains. |
```
